hey guys characters here with another
review this time i'm reviewing earth
Virgo from beyblade milky this is a
standard type Bey used by dancer turned
Beyblader tariffs automat and includes
these standard components of a beyblade
metal fusion top the beyblade launched a
rip cord and assembly tool so looking at
Earth Burgo you got the top view side
you end bottom view you can go once
around eat launcher is a Green Lantern
up for as is standard for Santa types
has the fur ghost sticker on it just
like on the face bolts got the standard
report and no don't you go over the
assembly too much because it comes with
every beyblade know now from the
assembly and parts overview and just
undoing that so we have the face boat oh
it's Lisa pay down it depicts the maiden
forgot one is a woman with flowing hair
behind her and has these little Jags
underneath now there's were thing about
this because the original sticker from
the Japanese earth Virgo had Virgo
written within this space and that name
was kept over in America so it doesn't
really make sense for them to have
removed it unless for some reason they
decide they want to change the name for
broke up by that last mint switched it
back and didn't have the time to put
that back into the stickers well the
case that's the way it is now
we have the Virgo energy ring which is
mold with a flow on both sides and
inward pattern of singers that goes with
that left towards flow we have the earth
fusion wheel which is the same as one
that came with earth eagle has the same
design all round have the gb or grab the
bottle 145 spin track which is one of
the more unique ones because has these
two free sliding metal balls within it
and that has a feature that is like
flame sagittario's see 145 spin track
only really used only really active when
it's spinning in a beybattle or spinning
out and also because of that because it
has to hold in the two male balls there
are screws securing it them in place and
finally the BS or bottom spike
performance tip which is around which
has a rounded spike at the bottom in
dressing left while has three
translucent pieces none of them are the
same color ee spin cracks color is the
same color as the energy ring of flame
sagittario anyway now put it back
together only pieces woopsy have it
upside down and just making sure
everything's in the right place
on the face bolt and use the tool to tie
up justing it okay and getting back on
the performance chip and we've got
reassembled and so what now as per usual
you get to these fit test and like I
said my storm Capricorn review I well
for the most part unless I have unless i
get another last bin may be it dis
scarlet OB not using the ripcord
launcher but using the preferred and
better string watcher to do right spin
wave like tests for the hybrid wheel
system and so let it and so what the gb
145 spit crack does is that when it's
spinning in motion like this the balls
on the inside are flung up to the
outward portion of their sliding cracks
and what this does is give earth Virgo
more stability and balance which in turn
gives it more stamina and you can see
it's Ben's very subtly and very gently
not actually making much sound at all
and overall saying in the same general
place the stability is good for it
because it helps it to outlast other
beyblades and of course if this is a
stamina type don't want to stop it so
that
doesn't run on too long because these
are the kinds that are made to spin the
longest and we born just shower babe
let's ping in place like that for like a
few minutes and so I'm not going to do
that and that is basically it in terms
of salmon our earth Virgo is superior to
flame sagittario the TV 145 spin track
is a good part and the fact that even
has the earth wheel makes the baby worth
getting because the earth will is a good
part in terms of both defense and
stamina because of how is the almost
complete circle with just these little
notches but there really isn't much to
hit in there because you can't really I
mean those notches have a very small
space it's a really a very small space
so you couldn't get anything cuts within
him and so it is a good beyblade and a
very good stamina type definitely
recommended if you can get this instead
of claim side to show you i would
recommend it flames ontario is a
decently good stem type bay but this one
is superior being everything back
together that's like so sandra yell out
so please rate comment subscribe and
tear on my blog edge here x 50 blogspot
com after now this is care activity
writing off